Separate GitOps commands' responsibilities (#1509)
weaveworks/eksctl: site/content/gitops-quickstart/01-apply-gitops.md

kube-system   kube-proxy-qzcmk           1/1     Running   0          45s
```

## Enabling a gitops operator

The following command will set up your cluster with:

- a gitops operator, [Flux](https://fluxcd.io),
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/),

and add their manifests to Git, so you can configure them through pull
requests.

The most important ingredient using `eksctl enable repo` is your config

> repository (which will includes your workload manifests, etc). You can start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository (which will include your workload manifests, etc). You can start
```

Author: Applied. Thanks! ✨

with an empty repository and push that to Git, or use the one you intend to
deploy to the cluster.

![Install Flux](../images/gitops-diagram1.svg#content)
![Deploying with gitops](../images/gitops-diagram2.svg#content)

> This is an experimental feature. To enable it, set the environment
> variable `EKSCTL_EXPERIMENTAL=true`.
>
> Experimental features are not stable and their command name and flags
> may change.

Run this command from any directory in your file system. `eksctl` will clone

> your repository in a temporary directory that'll be removed later.

Reviewer: nit: (I know this was like this before)
```suggestion
your repository in a temporary directory that will be removed later.
```

Author: Applied. Thanks! ✨

kube-system            coredns-7d7755744b-ls5d9                                  1/1     Running                      0          21m
kube-system            kube-proxy-wllff                                          1/1     Running                      0          14m
```

All of the cluster configuration can be easily edited in Git now.
Welcome to a fully gitopsed world!

## Enabling a Quick Start profile

The following command will set up your cluster with the `app-dev` profile,
the first gitops Quick Start. All of the config files you need for a
production-ready cluster will be in the git repo you have provided and
those components will be deployed to your cluster. When you make changes
in the configuration they will be reflected on your cluster.

![Enabling a profile](../images/gitops-diagram3.svg#content)

> This is an experimental feature. To enable it, set the environment
> variable `EKSCTL_EXPERIMENTAL=true`.
>
> Experimental features are not stable and their command name and flags
> may change.

Run this command from any directory in your file system. `eksctl` will clone

> your repository in a temporary directory that'll be removed later.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
your repository in a temporary directory that will be removed later.
```

Author: Applied. Thanks! ✨
